
Hakili is a global technology solution provider.

We deliver custom solutions and provide consulting grounded in reality; we help organizations become efficient through Agile and Lean practices and principles. By hiring and training exceptional people, we can solve our clients' biggest and most pressing problems. All of our services are offered both on and offshore, and are delivered with pride and passion. 

Open source technology is rapidly becoming accepted as a cost-effective, flexible alternative to proprietary applications that impose exorbitant licensing fees, extraneous features, high support costs, and vendor incompatibility. With the success of open source software such as Linux, MySQL, and JBoss, organizations are learning that open source solutions are stable, supportable, and here to stay.




History

Hakili is a social and commercial community whose purpose is to revolutionize technology solution creation and delivery while advocation better education in the world. The founders created the company to lead the pathway toward a vision ...

Our ambitions is to continue expanding into more countries, developing and providing industry changing products, and solving our customers' most difficult problems. All that respect the core values of the community as well as the environment itself. 

Hakili derives its name from a west african term meaning: "Reflexion","Wisdom","Vision".

Hakili was born on September 2010.

Hakili is dedicated to gather a team of bright, young entrepreneurs sharing the same common goal - to be responsible for their part in the .



Presenting the Hakili team:
Amadou Daffe - CEO

Building Hakili's focus and direction is Amadou's primary role. His prior experience in different corporate enterprises and startups catering to various segments of the technology business gives him the skills required to lead and inspire a team of brilliant individuals.

Ali Kone - CTO

Ali founded Hakili along with Amadou. Ali is responsible for architecting and designing most of Hakili's technology. He is also involved in the building and planning of the company. He applies his tech skills at product design.


Ibrahim Cisse -


Almoustapha Cisse -


Daouda Kone - 


What we do?

- Consulting
- Software development
- Products


